README.md, before:

# Orderlie

This is the frontend repository for Orderlie, an attendance or report arrangement app. The app is built using React.

## Getting Started

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Install the dependencies by running `yarn`.
3. Start the development server by running `yarn dev`.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from everyone. Before contributing, please read our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/gray-adeyi/orderlie/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Design

## UI Design for the Orderlie landing page (Desktop Version) [Figma Link](https://www.figma.com/file/BZfwIjXSx7DJUkjEO6Q2O0/Ordelie?type=design&node-id=137-23&mode=design&t=Uw14QQYPDUrTp9MP-4)

## UI Design for the Orderlie New class (Desktop Version) [Figma Link](https://www.figma.com/file/BZfwIjXSx7DJUkjEO6Q2O0/Ordelie?type=design&node-id=24-15&mode=design&t=Uw14QQYPDUrTp9MP-4)

## License
****
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.

Commit message:

added figma link for the class list (desktop Screen)

README.md, after:

# Orderlie

This is the frontend repository for Orderlie, an attendance or report arrangement app. The app is built using React.

## Getting Started

To get started with the project, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository to your local machine.
2. Install the dependencies by running `yarn`.
3. Start the development server by running `yarn dev`.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from everyone. Before contributing, please read our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/gray-adeyi/orderlie/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Design

## UI Design for the Orderlie landing page (Desktop Version) [Figma Link](https://www.figma.com/file/BZfwIjXSx7DJUkjEO6Q2O0/Ordelie?type=design&node-id=137-23&mode=design&t=Uw14QQYPDUrTp9MP-4)

## UI Design for the Orderlie New class (Desktop Version) [Figma Link](https://www.figma.com/file/BZfwIjXSx7DJUkjEO6Q2O0/Ordelie?type=design&node-id=24-15&mode=design&t=Uw14QQYPDUrTp9MP-4)

## UI Design for the Orderlie class list (Desktop Version) [Figma Link](https://www.figma.com/file/BZfwIjXSx7DJUkjEO6Q2O0/Ordelie?type=design&node-id=50-19&mode=design&t=7VED44rQgBdBhACP-4)

## License
****
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details.
